README.md, before:

# Embrace

This book is a collection of short essays. It was written in 2019 when I relocated from Lisbon to London with my family. These are the lessons that I took at age 38, my cookbook of recipes to build the proper mindset to overcome challenges. So, I hope you like it, and I wish the reader the best of luck in being successful on the biggest project of them - all life itself.

### Chapters

[1-lead-authentically.md](1-lead-authentically.md "mention")

[2-align-people.md](2-align-people.md "mention")

[3-grow-incredible-talent.md](3-grow-incredible-talent.md "mention")

[4-drive-great-outcomes.md](4-drive-great-outcomes.md "mention")

[5-first-principles-innovation.md](5-first-principles-innovation.md "mention")



[![Buy Me a Coffee Support Link](https://github.com/maferra/gitbook-embrace/raw/main/.gitbook/assets/bmc-button.svg)](https://buy.stripe.com/7sI00LetbcM6h1u144)

Please support my work! -> [https://buy.stripe.com/7sI00LetbcM6h1u144](https://buy.stripe.com/7sI00LetbcM6h1u144)

Commit message:

GITBOOK-3: Star and sponsor the project

README.md, after:

# Embrace

This book is a collection of short essays. It was written in 2019 when I relocated from Lisbon to London with my family. These are the lessons that I took at age 38, my cookbook of recipes to build the proper mindset to overcome challenges. So, I hope you like it, and I wish the reader the best of luck in being successful on the biggest project of them - all life itself.

> ! Please star this [repository on GitHub](https://github.com/maferra/gitbook-embrace) if you end up using this project. If it has improved your life, consider donating to my mission using the [Buy Me a Coffee](https://buy.stripe.com/7sI00LetbcM6h1u144) button. It will help me to continue supporting this product !

### Chapters

[1-lead-authentically.md](1-lead-authentically.md "mention")

[2-align-people.md](2-align-people.md "mention")

[3-grow-incredible-talent.md](3-grow-incredible-talent.md "mention")

[4-drive-great-outcomes.md](4-drive-great-outcomes.md "mention")

[5-first-principles-innovation.md](5-first-principles-innovation.md "mention")



[![Buy Me a Coffee Support Link](https://github.com/maferra/gitbook-embrace/raw/main/.gitbook/assets/bmc-button.svg)](https://buy.stripe.com/7sI00LetbcM6h1u144)

Please support my work! -> [https://buy.stripe.com/7sI00LetbcM6h1u144](https://buy.stripe.com/7sI00LetbcM6h1u144)
